All right so what are we going to be doing in this section here is we are going to be creating the Post's
page here in the navigation that where we can display some of the polls and edit them into the crowd
basically create read all day delete functions here but links are not working.
We are actually click on it.
They're not working so let's go ahead and make it work making work.
And let's do that right now actually.
Let's see categories is actually not working either.
So let's go to navigation real quick and edit that.
So here know the navigation we want to view all polls is going to go to polls.
All right.
Postop the HP and the categories is actually going to somewhere else right now.
They need to go to categories and we are in includes folders so we don't need to go anywhere else.
Actually the categories is in the root actually.
All right we are in the room for that category so we need to go a little bit up for polls.
We will be actually in the also in the root.
So let's do that let's create that right here where can I find it.
All right.
Let's create.
We need to create a fire actually.
So right now we see this.
And two polls is going to take those two polls up.
People don't have that yet.
This is going to take us to our categories.
All right.
So let's go ahead and build this page right here.
So we are going to be using a kind of template type of thing because we're going to be doing or save
us from the categories one.
All right.
This one has everything we need.
All we have to do is just do a Save As polls BHB and delete some of the stuff here.
This here is the.
If I put my cursor there and I go all the way up you can see that this is the division right here for
that.
All right.
So we're just going to take everything out.
It's not part of what we want save it and if we go to it now refresh we see that it's empty.
You have a heading there right.
Yes.
Get the heading from categories right here.
Let's get the heading for now later on that we probably will replace it.
Let's go to the polls and get a little heading there so we have a little bit to see something here.
All right.
So how are we going to do this.
First we create a table.
All right.
So this is the first thing created that's polls because we wanted this play everything.
I just like you saw in the demo you can refer to the introduction I'll see a mess.
So let's build a table.
Right.
And inside this table just the table inside the table.
We get t head.
We also inside the city where we get our insides.
TR We get some T-H elements and we're going to have I think it's like around seven I believe.
I'm not 100 percent sure.
Maybe seven or nine but we'll find out pretty soon.
So on this here we're going to have the post ID and I just got a caller ID.
What is really post ID.
And here we're going to have the altar here we have the title of the post Category 3 belongs to
status
image.
And I think we're going to need more fields tags.
Yes we need a couple more we need for the comments and
the end date.
We've got a date right.
We need to put dates in the comments on that.
And the date in the last day for last is fine.
All right.
So date let's see how that looks right now.
We'll have no style on this form right here.
So yeah everything is stripped down we know.
So let's ask styles here real quick just to make this look a little better.
There's a class of table and let's see how that looks.
All right.
Looking a little better right.
And is that another class of table.
As a matter of fact we can't copy all the styles from categories instead of writing them down right
here.
I'd say let's just copy the whole thing and just do it right here let's make our tables look the same.
Perfect.
All right.
So what else do we need we need after the T here.
We need a t body.
And actually we need a TR.
There were some elements and these elements are going to be one two three four five six seven eight
nine elements size nine tab.
And what are we of these elements.
We won the title and just for placeholder information we just copy everything down.
They just put 10 here put who strive for something I don't know.
And why do I keep naming bootstrap.
I think the framework or some sense you can make everything really cool like we are doing right now.
I want to know how that works.
I have a course.
Actually that's the altar that we need to put there the side or we'd be bootstrap framework
and all or we be me
category bootstrap just for placeholders.
We can copy and paste it but I think by the time I put my mouse over and copy and paste thing we can
write a little faster tacts comments
and
see how that looks right now.
Of course no styles
right.
It's a t t body t head.
And the reason why hasn't styles is because I under the table here.
Before I even put it in say we need to put inside the T here after the T head.
All right.
Now after the table and tag refresh now is working so that the other bootstrap.
So that's how I would say it was going to look and we're going to have some data coming down.
And I think it's going to be pretty cool.
The section here you don't love it.
And we're going to be doing some awesome work.
Anyway thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next lecture.
Take your